context:
  - I have completed the assessment on 2025-10-08T14:24:00-07:00 Wednesday
platform: email
process_status: application response
conversation_history:
  - timestamp: 2025-10-01T18:07:00-07:00 Wednesday
    from: Gail Schoning
    subject: The Trade Desk- Next Steps Take Home Challenge
    body: |
      Hi João Marco,

      Thank you for applying to the Senior Software Engineer- Authentication & Identity role at The Trade Desk!  Congratulations on making it to the next stage, you're invited to take the Industry Coding Framework Challenge which will test your skills across a broad range of fundamentals advancing through four progressive levels.  It's an interesting and engaging challenge which unlocks different levels as you work through the problem.

      The test lasts a maximum of 90 minutes and the link will expire after two weeks.  This exercise is available in Python 3, C#, Go, Java, Kotlin, PHP, Ruby, C++, JavaScript and Typescript. Once you submit your test, it will be manually evaluated by our engineering team.

      You should be receiving an e-mail with this challenge shortly.  Please use the link in the e-mail from CodeSignal and let me know if you don't receive the link.  If successful, the next stage in the process will be to have a call with me to go over more about the role, your background and any questions you may have.

      To ensure you're set up for success, I'd like to share a few best practices for the most successful candidates:
      Leverage the practice feature offered by CodeSignal to get familiar with the interface

      Brush up on basics and ensure you're comfortable with operations such as sorting, string manipulation and building basic classes

      Keep optimization, clean code and debugging in mind as you work through the activities

      Our reviewers will be evaluating plagiarism flags from CodeSignal's automation, your ability to understand the requirements and code quality – including, but not limited to code reuse, use of efficient data structures & object oriented principles, and overall implementation efficiency

      Time Management – this is a progressive test and you have 90 minutes to complete, so use your time wisely


      Please let me know if you have any questions at this point and wishing you the best of luck with the challenge.  We're rooting for you!


      Gail Schoning | Senior Technical Sourcer

      gail.schoning@thetradedesk.com

      Bellevue, WA 98004
      Facebook  |  LinkedIn  |  TheTradeDesk.com
  - timestamp: 2025-10-09T16:15:00-07:00 Thursday
    from: Gail Schoning
    subject: The Trade Desk- Phone Call Request
    body: |
      Hi João Marco,

      I was able to get your take home challenge reviewed by our team and would like to set up a phone call to go over these results.

      Please feel free to use the link to my calendar to find the time that best suits your schedule (PST):
      Book time with Gail Schoning

      Looking forward to speaking with you!

      Gail Schoning | Senior Technical Sourcer

      gail.schoning@thetradedesk.com

      Bellevue, WA 98004
      Facebook  |  LinkedIn  |  TheTradeDesk.com
