context:
  - Approaches with no company name usually seems fishy to me, but I'm ok with that.
  - 140k yearly is in the lower range of my acceptable range, but it is still inside. Below that I must reject. The higher the better.
  - Do not forget to mention that I require H1B Visa Sponsorship for any new position.
platform: linkedin
process_status: recruiter reach-out
conversation_history:
  - timestamp: 2025-10-12T12:53:00-07:00 Tuesday
    from: Praveen kumar Pollampally
    body: |
      Hi Marco
      How are you?
      Are you available in job market?
  - timestamp: 2025-10-08T09:30:00-07:00 Wednesday
    from: Praveen Kumar
    subject: Sr. Backend Developer Opportunity – Bellevue, WA (Onsite)
    body: |
      Hi João Marco,

      I hope you're doing well!

      I'm reaching out regarding an excellent Sr. Backend Developer opportunity with one of our top clients located in Bellevue, WA.

      Job Title: Sr. Backend Developer

      Location: Bellevue, WA



      About the Role

      We are seeking Senior Backend Engineers to design and develop a cloud-based supply chain data platform. This role requires expertise in backend development, cloud automation, and modern infrastructure technologies to build scalable, high-performance solutions.

      Key Responsibilities:

      ·                Design, develop, and optimize backend services using Java, Spring boot, Python, or C#.

      Implement and maintain cloud services automation on Azure, AWS, or GCP, leveraging SDKs and REST APIs.
      Architect scalable and secure microservices-based solutions.
      Utilize Infrastructure as Code (IaC) tools such as Terraform, Azure ARM Templates, and CloudFormation for deployment automation.
      Develop and manage serverless applications and containerized workloads using Docker/Kubernetes.
      Implement data monitoring solutions to ensure platform performance, reliability, and security.
      Ensure best practices in cloud security, CI/CD, and DevOps methodologies.
      Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate data ingestion, data processing and API-driven architectures.
      Required Qualifications:

      8 to 12 years of experience in backend software development.
      Strong expertise in at least one of the following programming languages: Java, Sprint boot framework, Python.
      Extensive experience with cloud platforms (Azure, AWS, or open-source cloud services) and cloud-native development.
      Hands-on experience with Cloud SDKs, serverless architectures, and containerization.
      Deep understanding of RESTful API development, microservices architecture, and distributed systems.
      Experience with IaC tools (Terraform, CloudFormation, Azure ARM Templates) to automate infrastructure provisioning.
      Expertise in data monitoring tools and observability frameworks to ensure system performance.
      Preferred Skills:

      ·                Experience with event-driven architectures, message queues, and streaming technologies.

      Knowledge of cloud security best practices and compliance frameworks.
      Exposure to NoSQL/SQL databases, caching mechanisms.
      If you are interested Please share your Updated resume






      Thanks & Regards,

      Praveen Kumar| Resource Coordinator

      ✉: praveenkumar.p@quadranttechnologies.com

      📞: 4255481722

      https://www.linkedin.com/in/praveen-kumar-pollampally-541a52256/

      📍: 5020 148th Avenue NE, Suite 250 Redmond, WA-98052

      🌐: www.quadranttechnologies.com
  - timestamp: 2025-10-14T18:00:00-07:00 Tuesday
    from: me
    body: |
      Hi Praveen,

      Thank you for reaching out via email and following up here on LinkedIn regarding the Sr. Backend Developer opportunity in Bellevue. The role aligns well with my background in distributed systems, cloud architecture, and data pipelines at Microsoft and Google.

      Before we proceed further, I want to mention upfront that I require H1B visa sponsorship transfer for any new position. Additionally, could you share the name of the client company? Understanding more about the organization would help me evaluate the opportunity more thoroughly.

      My experience with Azure, microservices architecture, Python/Java/C#, and large-scale data processing seems like a strong match for what you've described. I'd be happy to discuss this further once I have a bit more context about the client.

      Looking forward to hearing from you.

      João Marco Maciel da Silva
      Software Engineer
      📧 joao@joaodasilva.com.br
      📱 +1 (360) 590-9659
      🐙 https://github.com/jaodsilv
