context:
  - 140k yearly is in the lower range of my acceptable range, but it is still inside. Below that I must reject. The higher the better.
  - Do not forget to mention that I require H1B Visa Sponsorship for any new position.
platform: linkedin
process_status: recruiter reach-out
conversation_history:
  - timestamp: 2025-10-08T15:04:00-07:00 Wednesday
    from: Abdul Azher
    subject: Senior Software Engineer – Erlang -- Hybrid Redwood City, CA
    body: |
      Hello João Marco

      Greetings!
      We have been serving clients and candidates in the industry for over a decade. Please review the requirements below and let me know if you are interested in exploring this opportunity further.

      Senior Software Engineer – Erlang
      Location: Hybrid at GreyOrange Redwood City Office
      Fulltime Permanent

      Max salary Target Base: $150-$200k

      Key Responsibilities
      Design and implement core modules in Erlang to build scalable, distributed systems.
      Lead development of critical product features and solve complex system-level challenges.
      Collaborate with architects to define low-level design and contribute to the technical roadmap.
      Refactor and optimize existing algorithms and services for better performance and reliability.
      Review code, provide technical mentorship, and promote best coding practices within the team.

      Requirements Must Have:
      3+ years of professional software development experience with strong problem-solving skills.
      Hands-on experience in Erlang and a strong understanding of its concurrency model (processes, message passing, supervision trees).
      Exposure to building and maintaining distributed, high-availability systems.
      Experience with microservices architecture and REST-based APIs.
      Solid knowledge of RDBMS/SQL and experience working with databases in production environments.
      Understanding of software design principles, object-oriented programming, and system design patterns.
      Familiarity with version control systems (Git or similar).

      Qualifications
      Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field from a reputed institute.
      Strong analytical and debugging skills with an ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
      Clear, concise communication skills with the ability to explain complex technical concepts to diverse stakeholders

      Abdul Azher
      Talent Acquisition Manager
      860-900-0052
