context:
  - 70/hour is in the lower range of my acceptable range, but it is still inside. Below that I must reject. The higher the better.
  - Do not forget to mention that I require H1B Visa Sponsorship for any new position.
platform: linkedin
process_status: recruiter reach-out
conversation_history:
  - timestamp: 2025-10-10T11:33:00-07:00 Friday
    from: Akash S.
    subject: Exciting SDE Opportunity with Microsoft – Backend & Automation | Redmond, WA
    body: |
      Hi João Marco,

      I came across your profile and thought you might be a great fit for an onsite Software Development Engineer (SDE) opportunity we're hiring for in Redmond, WA with WCT, a global technology talent partner.

      In this role, you'll work on backend systems and infrastructure automation, driving improvements in service reliability, observability, and scalability. You'll collaborate with client engineering teams to deliver consistent, high-performing backend solutions supporting large-scale products.

      We're looking for engineers with:
      Strong C#/.NET development skills
      Experience with backend or distributed systems
      Familiarity with CI/CD, observability, and cloud platforms (Azure/AWS/GCP)
      A passion for clean, scalable, and reliable engineering

      If this sounds like something you'd be interested in, I'd love to schedule a quick chat to share more details.

      Looking forward to connecting!

      Regards,
      Aakash Saliya
      Technical Recruiter
      Aakashs@waferwire.com
      Cell: 425-448-1454
  - timestamp: 2025-10-14T18:00:00-07:00 Tuesday
    from: me
    body: |
      Hi Akash,

      Thank you for thinking of me for this opportunity. I appreciate you reaching out.

      At this time, I'm not exploring contract positions, but I wish you the best in finding the right candidate for the role.

      Best regards,
      João Marco Maciel da Silva
      Software Engineer
      📧 joao@joaodasilva.com.br
      📱 +1 (360) 590-9659
      🐙 https://github.com/jaodsilv
